cachi2 wheels: documentation (#517)
containerbuildsystem/cachi2: docs/pip.md

Reviewer: Do we want to add/update the links at the top of this page to include the new "Distribution formats" section?

Author: Yes, I just forgot 😄

a [PEP 517](https://peps.python.org/pep-0517/) build system. To do that, pip has to install the build system and
its dependencies (defined via [PEP 518](https://peps.python.org/pep-0518/)).

> Cachi2 (unlike the older Cachito) can download both wheels and sdists. The `allow_binary` option controls this behavior.

Author: I'm OK with either way, too, but Cahito is mentioned at multiple places in the [docs](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Acontainerbuildsystem%2Fcachi2+cachito+language%3AMarkdown&type=code&l=Markdown)

### Dependency does not distribute sources

Some projects do not distribute sdists to PyPI. For example, [tensorflow](https://pypi.org/project/tensorflow/2.11.0/#files) (as of
version 2.11.0) distributes only wheels.

Possible workarounds:

* Enable pre-fetching wheels using `"allow_binary": "true"` in JSON input.

> * Find the git repository for the project, get the source tarball for a releaseIn requirements.txt,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Find the git repository for the project, get the source tarball for a release. In requirements.txt,
```

Lost a period here, I think.
